https://github.com/cpkesler/West_Virginia_Flood.git --branch master
https://github.com/mmbayles/script_viewer.git --branch master
https://github.com/mmbayles/HydroShare-Resource-Creator.git --branch master
https://github.com/mmbayles/gap_filler.git --branch master
https://github.com/jirikadlec2/correlation_tool --branch master
#https://github.com/jirikadlec2/snow-inspector.git --branch master
#https://github.com/jirikadlec2/snow-probability-map.git --branch master
https://github.com/CUAHSI-APPS/datarodsexplorer.git --branch master
https://github.com/CUAHSI/timeseries_viewer.git --branch master
https://github.com/hydroshare/tethysapp-raster_viewer --branch master
https://github.com/shawncrawley/tethysapp-nfie_irods_explorer.git --branch master
#https://github.com/shawncrawley/tethysapp-nfie_data_viewer.git --branch master
https://github.com/CUAHSI-APPS/nwm-forecast-viewer.git --branch dev
https://github.com/xhqiao89/global_watershed_delin.git --branch master
https://github.com/CUAHSI-APPS/tethysapp-hydroshare_gis.git --branch dev
https://github.com/CUAHSI-APPS/tethys_watershed_delin.git --branch master
https://github.com/xhqiao89/sherin_phreeqc.git --branch master
https://github.com/SarvaPulla/tethys-viewer --branch master
https://github.com/CUAHSI-APPS/gaugeview.git --branch master
https://github.com/CUAHSI-APPS/tethysapp-nwm_data_explorer.git --branch master
https://github.com/SarvaPulla/servirdi.git --branch master
https://github.com/cpkesler/floodmap.git --branch master